[DOCS] Clarifying TLS steps (#65326)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/securing-communications/node-certificates.asciidoc

[source,shell]
----
./bin/elasticsearch-certutil http
----

This command guides you through the process of generating the appropriate
certificates for use in {es} and {kib}. If you created a CA for your cluster,
you can re-use it by supplying its location when prompted.

NOTE: The first question that the `elasticsearch-certutil` tool prompts you
with is whether you want to generate a Certificate Signing Request (CSR).

> Answer `y` if you want to sign your own certificates, or `n` if you want to
> sign certificates with a central CA.

Reviewer: I'm not sure that this terminology would clarify which choice to make - that is, "sign your own certificates" isn't particularly clear, and could mean "I want to do it as part of this process" (which would actually mean you should pick `n`) or "I handle it myself by sending it to someone in my organisation" (which is `y`).

I would go with something more like this:
```suggestion
Answer `y` if you need to have your certificates signed by someone else
(such as an internal security team, or a commercial certificate authority),
or `n` if you want to sign certificates with a CA that you have direct access to.
```
It feels a bit wordy though, and "direct access" might not be clear enough.

Author: I like the distinction that you incorporated. I think we can break these ideas into separate sentences:
>Answer `y` if a trusted authority, such as in internal security team or a commercial certificate authority, will sign your certificates. Answer `n` if you have access to a trusted CA and will sign your own certificates.

NOTE: The <<config-files-location,{es} configuration directory>> varies
depending on your {es} installation.

.. On each node, copy the certificate that you created into the `/certs`
directory. This certificate is typically a single `.p12` (PKCS#12) file, such

> as `elastic-stack-ca.p12`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as `elastic-certificates.p12`.
```
